docs: update  affix to data-table doc (#126)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/code/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | `string` | `''` | Incoming code string. |

> | hljs | `Object` | `undefined` | If you want to set hljs locally, set it on code by the prop. |

Reviewer: "If you want to set hljs locally, pass it in the template using this prop"

> | hljs | `Object` | `undefined` | If you want to set hljs locally, set it on code by the prop. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| hljs | `Object` | `undefined` | If you want to set hljs locally, pass it using this prop. |
```

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| code | `string` | `''` | Incoming code string |
| hljs | `Object` | `undefined` | If you want to set hljs locally, set it on code by the prop |

> | language | `string` | `undefined` | Encoding language |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| language | `string` | `undefined` | Code language in highlightjs. |
```

> | trim | `boolean` | `true` | Whether the encoding is trim |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| trim | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to display trimmed code. |
```

> | uri | `boolean` | `false` | Whether decodeURIComponent |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

这个先不暴露了
